PS C:\Users\LabAdmin\Desktop\Requirements2> .\restore-ad.ps1
Active Directory module loaded successfully.
Checking for existing OU 'Finance'...
Existing OU 'Finance' found. Deleting...
Error managing OU: Access is denied.
Importing users from 'C:\Users\LabAdmin\Desktop\Requirements2\financePersonnel.csv'...
Failed to create James.Butter: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Josephine.Darakjy: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Art.Venere: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lenna.Paprocki: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Donette.Foller: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Simona.Morasca: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Mitsue.Tollner: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Leota.Dilliard: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Sage.Wieser: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kris.Marrier: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Minna.Amigon: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Abel.Maclead: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kiley.Caldarera: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Graciela.Ruta: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Cammy.Albares: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Mattie.Poquette: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Meaghan.Garufi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Gladys.Rim: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Yuki.Whobrey: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Fletcher.Flosi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Bette.Nicka: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Veronika.Inouye: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Willard.Kolmetz: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Maryann.Royster: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Alisha.Slusarski: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Allene.Iturbide: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Chanel.Caudy: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Ezekiel.Chui: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Willow.Kusko: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Bernardo.Figeroa: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Ammie.Corrio: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Francine.Vocelka: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Ernie.Stenseth: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Albina.Glick: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Alishia.Sergi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Solange.Shinko: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Jose.Stockham: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Rozella.Ostrosky: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Valentine.Gillian: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kati.Rulapaugh: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Youlanda.Schemmer: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Dyan.Oldroyd: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Roxane.Campain: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lavera.Perin: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Erick.Ferencz: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Fatima.Saylors: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Jina.Briddick: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kanisha.Waycott: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Emerson.Bowley: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Blair.Malet: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Brock.Bolognia: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lorrie.Nestle: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Sabra.Uyetake: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Marjory.Mastella: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Karl.Klonowski: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Tonette.Wenner: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Amber.Monarrez: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Shenika.Seewald: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Delmy.Ahle: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Deeanna.Juhas: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Blondell.Pugh: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Jamal.Vanausdal: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Cecily.Hollack: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Carmelina.Lindall: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Maurine.Yglesias: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Tawna.Buvens: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Penney.Weight: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Elly.Morocco: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Ilene.Eroman: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Vallie.Mondella: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kallie.Blackwood: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Johnetta.Abdallah: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Bobbye.Rhym: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Micaela.Rhymes: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Tamar.Hoogland: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Moon.Parlato: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Laurel.Reitler: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Delisa.Crupi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Viva.Toelkes: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Elza.Lipke: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Devorah.Chickering: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Timothy.Mulqueen: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Arlette.Honeywell: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Dominque.Dickerson: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lettie.Isenhower: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Myra.Munns: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Stephaine.Barfield: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lai.Gato: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Stephen.Emigh: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Tyra.Shields: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Tammara.Wardrip: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Cory.Gibes: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Danica.Bruschke: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Wilda.Giguere: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Elvera.Benimadho: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Carma.Vanheusen: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Malinda.Hochard: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Natalie.Fern: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lisha.Centini: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Arlene.Klusman: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Alease.Buemi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Louisa.Cronauer: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Angella.Cetta: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Cyndy.Goldammer: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Rosio.Cork: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Celeste.Korando: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Twana.Felger: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Estrella.Samu: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Donte.Kines: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Edna.Miceli: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Sue.Kownacki: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Jesusa.Shin: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Rolland.Francescon: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Pamella.Schmierer: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Glory.Kulzer: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Shawna.Palaspas: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Brandon.Callaro: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Scarlet.Cartan: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Oretha.Menter: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Ty.Smith: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Xuan.Rochin: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lindsey.Dilello: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Devora.Perez: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Herman.Demesa: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Rory.Papasergi: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Talia.Riopelle: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Van.Shire: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Lucina.Lary: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Bok.Isaacs: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Rolande.Spickerman: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Howard.Paulas: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Failed to create Kimbery.Madarang: The server is unwilling to process the request.
Verifying users in 'Finance' OU...
Error verifying users: The supplied distinguishedName must belong to one of the following partition(s): 'DC=consultingfirm,DC=com , CN=Configuration,DC=consultingfirm,DC=com , CN=Schema,CN=Configuration,DC=consultingfirm,DC=com , DC=DomainDnsZones,DC=consultingfirm,DC=com , DC=ForestDnsZones,DC=consultingfirm,DC=com'.
Restore-AD.ps1 execution complete. Results logged to C:\Users\LabAdmin\Desktop\Requirements2\ADResults.txt
PS C:\Users\LabAdmin\Desktop\Requirements2>
